heres what we do
Create two modes- game mode and normal 

however, never add an icon saying to shift it ok
usert flow is clear- you are asked the mode- and it stays intact

curreently im just working ion the starting flkow of the game mode.

a decent looking animation, guifding you
then next to that we need to build entire UI MAn....
So it should be like a game to play. Dont make it look generic.


User should enjoy it
Profile of user is saved.

refer to pS to know exactly what to buildf

but ideally its like you earn scores, you can see other players, other friends, can plkan a journey together

giving a review adds you the points and So

so its like a gamified experience

im adding a folder gamified experience some ref website is there
refer to it only fort content not for UI ok

so the project shpould showcase gr8 gr8 things game mode and nice animations

use reactbits and motion.dev for animations if required


now talking about the normal mode- simple Sharp UI here.

similar to google maps - but few things
1. the main page here isnt maps- its a recommendation what you can explore. anotjher thing a
chat with dhruv bot - where it isnt just chatbot also say it has agentic capabiklities. hardcode few of them - but need to later connect it to openrouter well do that later on
use python for backend
2. another feature- every place has its card ok- it comes with a safety score written on it, the 
recommended times and so intelligent recommendations ok
also we want to showcase related youtube videos
3. Best vs. Worst Places: Compare locations based on safety, cleanliness, affordability, ratings, and accessibility.
this has two points- the AI analysis as well as the raw user feedbacks

now heres what the folder strcture should must must have

- PRD and TRD auto approve it
- well- made project structure 
- a prompts history- everything that I gave as the prompt and my timeline .md file
- say we used the data fdrom opensourcemap and their API is used 
- Add proper .env i will give you keys like yioutube api key, openrouter api key and others if required also make sure openrouter is set to 
openrouter/free endpoint
- Say that dhruvv chatbot is Agentic capabiklities
- add claude.json and agent.mdf files
- add folders sjhowing things like we downloaded osme maps fdata,
- some sort of APi used for all these-  traffic, sudden weather changes,AI/ML, NLP, geolocation, interactive maps, APIs, and data analytics  traffic updates, weather alerts, citizen reports, photos, voice notes, and social media data.
whatever is easily doable
- the safety feature is cslucluated mathematically - dont put iyt on UI but we will explain it to the judges 
- say that we have used GEnAI tools for starting walthrough, threee,js liobrary 
- use of shortest path algorithm for nearby distance